I love Pidove's call, don’t you? Horoorororo! *trainer battle guitar riff*


Couple Ken & Yuria

Ken: ...
Yuria: You'll have to excuse him. He's not much for conversation.
Ken: How about we battle instead?


victory: Ken: Impressive. Yuria: Wow! That was great. 

after: Ken: Phew. I bet you'd give my brothers a run for their money. Yuria: We won't be back to Ransei for a while. If you want another battle, we'll be here! 

Team: hitmonchan, machamp, blissey, rapidash

Juggler Luke:
Oohohoh man! Who's a man and a half?! Guess who struck it big?!

Victory: ...Not me.  (should give only $1)

After: I'm completely wiped out. The guy next to me hit the jackpot last night. My wife's gonna be so mad...

Team: Golem, Electrode, Azumarill

Sailor Valter

Hey, kid! C'mere! I'm bored out of my mind here on break. How about a battle to liven things up?

Victory: Oh ship...

After: Good stuff, kid! You'd make a fine sailor.

Team: Qwilfish, Kingler x2, Tentacruel 

Supernerd Not'im 
Fire me from the Dept Store, will you?! Ngh...I'll show them! I'll show them all! ...Huh? Hey! Get over here! I need something to take my anger out on.

Victory: Grr...you're next on my list...

After: Get out of my face! 

Team: Electrode (3x)

Cosplayer Lucy
I'm so excited for the convention! There's gonna be so many cute girls...

Victory: Tch. Whatever.

After: Unless you're a cute girl, I don't wanna hear it! 

Team: Wigglytuff, Togekiss

Guitarist Brook
Yoooooooow! My band's gonna be playing at the convention! It's gonna rattle your bones!

Victory: Oh no! I snapped a string!

After: Oh man...I gotta re-tune this thing now...

Team: Electivire, Raichu, Jolteon

Cooltrainer Josh
Hey there. I'm here in town to take on the gym. How about you?

Victory: Woah! I gotta train some more!

After: Well I'll be! You already took on the Johto League? (Gives rare candy)

Team: Snorlax, Aerodactyl, Primape 

Sightseer Mitsuru
Hajimemashita! Kono machi ha totemo kirei wa ne! (It's nice to meet you! This city is very beautiful.)

Victory: Kono powa! Atashi ha junbi ga dekite inakatta!(This power! I wasn't ready for that!) 

After: Batoru ha arigatogozaimasu  (Thank you for the battle!)

Team:Clefable, Sylveon, Granbull 

Cosplayer Quincy
Check it out! My Lance cosplay is awesome, isn't it?

Victory: NO! I tore my cape!

After: My poor cape...This is all your fault!

Team: Charizard, Dragonite, Gyarados

Rando NPC: Be careful, kid! Some of the guests here are really feisty. Be ready for a battle!

Rando NPC: I-I bought a ticket...but...but...I'm just too shy...

Rando NPC: I heard the Game Corner here in town has female Mr Mimes. Wonder how they pulled that off...

Rando NPC: Hey, I got tickets here! 25,000$ a piece! 

Rando NPC: Check it out! I got a PokeNav! The advertisement jingle was so catchy, I couldn't resist! Devon does what Silph don't... 

Rando NPC: I heard they might be replacing all of the slot machines in the Game Corner with some kind of card-flip game. 

Shamouti Hotel

Bugcatcher Rutherford

Oh man! There's so many cool bugs around here! Here! Lemme show you!

Victory: Squashed...

After: Phew! After a battle, I just like to kick my feet up and have some Berry Juice. Here, have some!
(gives berry juice)

Team: Shuckle, Heracross, Scizor 


Schoolboy Ulysses 

Yippee! Summer Vacation is finally here! Lets battle to celebrate!

Victory: Aww man... 

After: What school do you go to?

Team: Nidorino, Tangela


Fisherman Mario

Kid, I can tell you got the eyes of a fisherman. How about a battle between fisherman to fisherman? 

Victory: Darn good stuff, kid. I like the cut of your jib. 

Team: Lanturn, Slowking, Blastoise


Pokefan Joey Sr. 

Well hello! I'm here on vacation with my family, and I seem to have lost track of them. Maybe they'll be back after a battle. 

Victory: DOGGONE IT!

After: I think I heard about you from my son... (gives HP up)

Team: Raticate (high level)


Birdkeeper Jethro 

Did you know? There's a bunch of shrines here dedicated to the three legendary birds! I'm on my way out now to make a pilgrimage, but, I could go for a battle!

Victory: My wings have been clipped!

After: Well that took the wind from my wings...

Team: Noctowl, Honchkrow, Xatu

Supernerd Imakuni? (not a typo)

Hi hi hi! It's me, Imakuni! La-di-di-da-da-di! If I win, you gotta dance with me!

Victory: Oh, you card! 

After: Well, them's the breaks! La-di-da-di-da... (drops berserk gene)

Team: Slowbro, Golduck, Hypno




Rando NPC: Ah...that sure was a good festival we had this year.

Rando NPC: Enjoying yourself?

Rando NPC: That woman over there has such beautiful hands but such an ugly heart...

Rando NPC: Urgh...that's the last time I take a bath with my Tentacool...

Rando NPC: Whuzzat? Team Galatic did what? Huh? Get outta here, kid! I'm trying to take a call here!

Rando NPC: Aww yeah! Some doofus gave me their Bidoof for my Mewtwo! Ya can't find those here!

Rando NPC: Such a shame...I was hoping to observe the migratory pattern of Spearow and Fearow, but it seems they're all gone...

Supernerd: Hey, kid! I need some serious juice for my experiments! Get me a Magneton and I'll give you my spare Porygon2! (Nickname: Gent2, shiny, holding dubious disk or whatever evolves it to Z, OT: rms)

Thief: Hey, kid! Check it out! I got this super top-of-the-line ultra rare pokemon that I st--found after it fell off the back of a truck. Gimme a Sneasel and it's all yours! (Dunsparce, Nickname: Simon, OT: Genbu)

Businessman: Hey there. I'm lookin' for a Scyther to help out on mah farm. If you can help me out, I'd ever be so grateful. I'll even give ya this funny lookin' Exeggecute that turned up on mah farm. (Exeggecute, Nickname: Sneed, OT: Chuck) 

Pokemaniac: H-hey...uh...y-you got a Golduck? I..I'll...I'll trade you one of my...uh...Kabuto for it...yeah... (Kabuto, Nickname: Soy, OT: Slash) After: T-thanks...uh...my 

Pokemaniac: Hi! Do you have a Golbat? 'll give ya an Omanyte for it! (Omanyte, Nickname: Mayonne, OT: Flea) After:Hey, thanks! My two brothers show up here sometimes looking to trade. Maybe you should stop by later! 

Pokemaniac: Hey, pal. You got a spare Girafarig? I'll hook you up with an Aerodactyl for it. (Aerodactyl, Nickname: Vinegar, OT: Ozzie)
After: Thanks! My other two siblings pop in from time to time to trade. You should check in later!










