Susie	Wow, you’re energetic and hardworking! I won’t get tricked by your cuteness!
Eva	Don’t eat the grass along the road of life! My personal slogan!
Chase	Together with these three Pokémon I’ll get stronger! I’ll get bigger!
Victor	Do you think you can keep up with me? They call me the “Victorious Victor”!
Richard	Jump! Fight! Be like the wind! Someday I want to fly high!
Aven	Behind that cute face lies hidden power! You’ll see it with your own eyes!
Mandie	This is our team! This is our power!
Yona	Power is strength! Strength is power! I’ll use that power to climb to the top!
Holden	Do you know me!? Do you know what kind of hidden talents I have?!
Mac	A Pokémon’s strength and power... I’ll show them to you!
Kyra	Pokémon’s friendship and affection! If you’ve got that, you’ll never lose!
Allie	My Pokémon are always protecting me! So there’s no way that we’ll lose!
Chaz	The accuracy of Bug-type Pokémon! I’m a man who knows all about them!
Hogan	That skill is like a well-oiled machine! The result of the calculation is...!
Lionel	Do you know the skill of these Pokémon?!
Elaine	Never crumble, no matter what happens! That’s the kind of friendship we’ve got!
Mari	That kind of tenacity is common in everyone! That spirit! That gutsiness!
Irvin	On the mountain five years together... The friendship is everlasting!
Mandu	Master fighting! Live for fighting! And live for the Pokéathlon!
Hudson	I can see victory! That’s because I don’t think there’s any way I’ll lose!
Krise	I can fly with these Pokémon so far! Over the rainbow!
Pia	Jump to victory! Jump to the other side of victory!
Mendel	Why can you jump that high?! Simple, it’s because it’s all you can do.
Amelie	We’re not done. We’re just beginning! We’ll show you just how far we can jump!
Noel	Flying is like breathing to me! That’s only natural, if you ask me.
Jet	It’s impossible to measure that speed! A legendary team known for speed!
Whitney	Finally here! The amazingly persistent Gym Leader! How much true power?
Susie	Cuteness, strength, and speed! A girl with sparkle!
Heath	Nothing in front of this guy... Even a bolt of lightning can come from behind!
Rory	Run! The thing beyond that--the goal is called friendship!
Primo	The famous guy on the TV all the time is now participating in the Pokéathlon!
Maylene	All right! The cute and energetic Gym Leader from the Sinnoh region!
Aven	Power... That is cuteness! Could you possibly believe that power?
Antonio	Abandon common sense! This is reality!
Hanson	Power is everything! Power is right! Power is proof of friendship!
Gilmore	I’ve got innate talent! This genius is going to seize victory!
Nick	Friendship? We don’t need it. That’s because we are already one.
Allie	My Pokémon are always protecting me, so there’s no way we can lose!
Kuni	Such splendid dancing and splendid winning! I’ve come from Ecruteak City!
Neil	Are we looking at an illusion? The most skilled Pokéathlete!
Jasmine	Gym Leader of steel is participating! I’ll show you steely determination!
Madge	I’m so full of energy! What’s fatigue? Where’s this stamina coming from?!
Hudson	Chance of victory: 100%! No doubt! I just came up with that calculation!
Hubert	Morning is practice, noon is practice, and evening... is training!
Gayle	He said it... Fatigue is not in our vocabulary!
Brent	The world we’re aiming for is the championship, that world!
Linda	Flying... Even gravity is keeping its distance from her!
Falkner	The Gym Leader of flight appears! My dad’s Pokémon really soar!
Amelie	We can go as far as we want... Come on, let’s go together!
Jude	There’s no sky above him! There’s a sky below him!