....... Marguerite
............ Semra
............Louise
............ Carla
.......... Celeste


At our restaurant, you can enjoy more than just exquisite dining. You may also partake in battles. Bon appetit!

Guitarist(M):
pre-battle - “I'm a one-man band, baby. Let the music play!”
win battle - “Rock on!”
post-battle - “Feel those rocking notes!”

Can I take a selfie with your Pokémon?
Snap!
I've dropped my phone, like, five times. The screen's cracked, but the camera works!

Sightseer(M) 4 (?):
pre-battle - “While I'm travelling, I like to read in between seeing the sights.”
win battle - “You're a tough one to read.”
post-battle - “If the world is like a book, to not travel is like reading only a single page.”

Sightseer(F) 4 (?):
pre-battle - “I've heard so much about Shamouti Island. What a wonderful place!”
win battle - “Wonderful!”
post-battle - “Sometimes the greatest beauty is in the little things.
Remember that and life's much more fulfilling.”

Guitarist(F) 1 (Colleen):
pre-battle - “There's something magical about this island.”
win battle - “There was nothing magical about that.”
post-battle - “I'm feeling so inspired by this place, I already wrote a new song! Wanna listen? No? Aww… Too bad.”
party - Electabuzz, Magnemite, Magneton

Rich Boy 1 (Rupert):
pre-battle - “You believe you can best me? What a load of old tosh.”
win battle - “I'm gobsmacked!”
post-battle - “How did we lose, father? These Pokemon cost a fortune!”
party - Porygon2, Blissey, Ninetales

Gentleman 1 (Bernard):
pre-battle - “Enough of this argy-bargy. I shall see to you myself!”
win battle - “What a corker!”
post-battle “Don't worry Rupert, we'll buy better Pokemon.”
party - Ampharos, Golduck, Arcanine

Schoolgirl 1 (Rachel):
pre-battle - “I've been learning about Shamouti Island at school.”
win battle - “We didn't learn about Pokemon yet.”
post-battle - “Mommy and Daddy brought me here to see the things I learnt about at school.”

Lady 1 (Anna):
pre-battle - “Wh-Who 'r ya?”
win battle - “Wha…? What jus' happent?”
post-battle - “*hiccup* (new line) M-maybe I had tuh mush... tuh drink?”

Rich Boy (Aaron):
pre-battle - “What are you doing here!?”
win battle - “Hmph. Get lost.”
post-battle - “My pa owns the ship that brings people here.”

Swimmer(F) (Bolla):
pre-battle - “When I swim out here it’s like I’m in my own little bubble.”
win battle - “You burst my bubble!”
post-battle - “We all live in our own bubbles. It’s not until they pop that we see what life is like for others.”
party - Something with Bubblebeam

1: “Is this your first visit to Shamouti Island? It's a tropical paradise rich in natural history. You may also see some interesting Pokemon here.”
2: “Shamouti Island is so far south, it stays warm all year round!”
4 (Rich Boy): “Ow. I was just walking through the market, minding my own business, when suddenly - get this - I tripped over some vase that some inconsiderate trader left on the floor. Like, who does that? Really.”
5 (Rich Boy): “I simply won't tolerate anything less than perfection. This is the best vacation spot money can buy.”
6 (Rich Boy): “I sailed here on father's yacht. Well, I was chauffeur driven, of course.”
7 (Little girl): “Have you heard about the Shamouti Island festival? It happens once a year. There's a parade, and balloons! Everyone even gets to wear fun costumes! It's my absolute favourite time of year!”
11: “Have you heard of Professor Ivy? Her and Professor Oak pioneered research into the relationships between Pokemon and people. Ivy sometimes visits this island, so I'm hoping to meet her.”
12: “For centuries, inhabitants of this island have performed a ceremony honoring the so-called Chosen One that would tame the birds of legend, should they release their might on the world. Which birds are these? The heck if I know, but it's a great story, don'cha think?”
13: “Professor Ivy says ancient texts hint at this being the source of the Earth's water supply! We're surrounded by ocean, sure, but how is that even possible?”
14: “This island has a lot of history, but I'm just here to party. Bring it on!”
18 (Lass): Lots of little pink flowers grow on this island. Everything's so pretty!”
19: “The Pokemon in the island's forest are well known for being super loud. I wonder if they're ok.”
20 (Near Noisy Forest): “I'm not even in the forest and I can hear the Pokemon inside it. What's going on in there?”

21 (Lady in tourist information centre): “You'd like a tour of the shrine? I'm sorry, but the building is structurally unsafe after a major storm.”
22: “Welcome to the Shamouti Island Tourist Information Centre. Enjoy your stay!”

23 (in Shamouti nature reserve house): “You might have noticed the pink flowers on this island. They're a national treasure.”
24 (in Shamouti nature reserve house): “We preserve the natural environment of this island to keep it free of trash dropped by tourists.”
25 (in Shamouti nature reserve house): “Nature is a wonderful thing. We do what we can to protect this island and all that resides here.”
26 (in Shamouti nature reserve house): “Lots of rare berries grow on Shamouti Island. It's the only place you'll find them in all of Kanto and Johto!”

27 (Sightseer): “In my region, we have a Pokemon that likes to match wits with the local Slowking. The one on this island sounds like a cut above the rest, though!”
28: As we say on this island; when in doubt, ask Slowking! It's the smartest Pokemon around.”

mainland:
red lass
brown gramps - Shamouti Island is a popular tourist destination. This tunnel leads to our shrine dedicated to the Guardian of the Seas. Please enjoy your stay!
blue cooltrainerm
blue youngster (pikablu)

pokecenter:
brown granny - You must be from out of town. Shamouti Island isn't actually part of Johto or Kanto. It never gets cold or snowy here. Isn't that nice?

warm beach:
red teacher
blue youngster
slowking

warm beach house (beach shack):
blue gramps
blue granny

rocky beach house:
brown black belt
weavile
green youngster
