https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zm8oIsdmaCw
I am a Trainer who uses the Red Card item. I want to be shaken by your strength... I want to face you when you've shown that you can defeat every last Trainer on Route 3!
So you've defeated all of the Trainers along Route 3, have you? You have shaken me from my calm repose! My heart was a still water, but no longer! Shall we start? Let's have a soul-shaking battle!
That is a good reply. I will stand before you as a Red Card user!
To think that you've wounded my pride, which is harder than diamonds!
It was a fine battle. My heart feels as light and clear as the blue sky that appears after a storm passes through. This is proof of the battle between your team and my own. A Red Card! Take it, my strong friend!
The effects of the Red Card are as I illustrated to you in battle.
You will likely find other Trainers like me on the routes of Alola. Searching for strength. Challenging them together with your Pokémon would not be a bad reason to take a journey.


Imakuni:
Even if I lost, is it really so bad?


Welcome to the Exchange Service Corner! Would you like to trade in your BP for some prizes?
Please come back any time you want!
<ITEM> will cost <N> BP. Is that OK?
You put away the <ITEM> in the <NAME> Pocket.
I'm sorry, but you don’t have enough BP.
I'm sorry, but your Bag is full.
Please choose the item you would like.


Some Trainers rely on a Pokémon's potential alone. But you can use items and medicines to help improve a Pokémon's capabilities.

Mountain climbing and Pokémon are similar in a sense. They both come down to potential! I do not rely on items or medicines but rather potential and training for battle!


UnknownText_0x1a03cc:
	text "There are several"
	line "islands between"
	cont "here and Olivine."

	para "A mythical sea"
	line "creature supposed-"
	cont "ly lives there."
	done


UnknownText_0x55b7c:
	text "We intend to sell"
	line "items for #mon"
	cont "to hold."

	para "This is a free"
	line "gift. Have a #-"
	cont "mon hold it."
	done

UnknownText_0x55bd3:
	text "By giving #mon"
	line "items to hold, I"

	para "bet trainers will"
	line "develop new battle"
	cont "techniques."
	done


UnknownText_0x58ac8:
	text "It's Unown text!"
	done


; not used
	text "#mon Radio!"

	para "Call in with your"
	line "requests now!"
	done


HomepageText:
	text "#mon Journal"
	line "Home Page…"

	para "It hasn't been"
	line "updated…"
	done
